∴ Short Conversations

Script 1
W: It is the third time my paper has been rejected by journals because of language problems.
M: You know, there is a writing center on campus. I had never got a grade better than C for any of my term papers before they helped me out.
Q: What can we learn from the conversation?

Script 2
M: You said you would choose Spanish as your second foreign language. Why did you finally choose French instead?
W: My grandfather speaks fluent French and he says that French is a language that any truly cultured person must know.
Q: Why does the woman choose to learn French?

Script 3
W: You seem to have no problem understanding native speakers now. How about Dr. Brown's speech last night?
M: Excellent. But it was still too fast for me to follow, especially when Dr. Brown talked about those abstract theories.
Q: What did the man do last night?

Script 4
M: It seems to me that Melissa is in a bad mood today. What's wrong with her?
W: Melissa forgot to bring her identification card yesterday and she was not allowed to enter the contest. You know she had prepared for the contest for months.
Q: What made Melissa unhappy?

Script 5
W: I think my time at school is wasted because it is just studying books and doing tests.
M: But you also learn new ideas and new ways of thinking. And more importantly you meet people and develop your understanding of people at school.
Q: What does the man think of the woman's opinion?

Script 6
M: I still can＊t decide whether we should have a whole package tour or a self-drive tour. 
W: A whole package tour means having to spend time in the confined quarters of a coach, bus or 
train with people you are not familiar with, but considering our budget, perhaps we have to 
sacrifice comfort and privacy. 
Q: What does the woman say about a whole package tour? 

Script 7
W: I was so shocked when I saw the tiny, dirty houses where the children grew up. 
M: So was I. I＊m afraid that they don＊t have enough food, let alone go to school. Next time we 
should have our daughter come with us. She always takes things for granted. 
Q: What are the two speakers planning to do? 

Script 8
M: I will say it again: India is not a safe place for a woman to travel alone. 
W: But if I wear the proper clothes, and learn the cultural dos and don＊ts, it should be fine. Please 
don＊t be so alarmed. 
Q: What will the woman do? 

Script 9
W: I＊m going to travel with my five-year-old this summer. But I feel kind of uncertain whether 
things will work out. 
M: You know Jane? She and her husband spend every holiday traveling in a jeep with their son 
and dog. Probably you should go to her before you go. 
Q: What does the woman feel uncertain about? 

Script 10
M: Many people love a good story about somebody traveling in time 每 either to repair the future, www.docin.comor to observe the past. Why are time travel stories so popular? 
W: I think it＊s human nature to dream of what-ifs. What if I could see an alien? 
Q: What are the two speakers talking about?

Script 11
W: I'm going to relax a little after such a hard week. How about a long walk this weekend?
M: Sounds good, but no high-heeled boots this time. I still remember last time you were dog-tired after a long walk in the woods.
Q: What can we infer from this conversation about the woman?

Script 12
M: One of the things I do on the weekends is cookout. It is fun to have a barbecue party with friends in the backyard.
W: Have you tried cooking with Coke? The sweetness of Coke adds a nice touch to the barbecue sauce. 
Q: What does the woman suggest the man do?

Script 13
M: The entry fee is $2 per person. The price for sweet cherry is $10 per kilogram. But you can have a 10 percent discount for the cherries if you pick more than 3 kilograms.
W: Five of us picked 5 kilograms. 
Q: How much should the woman pay?

Script 14
W: I was advised to take a weight-loss class. But I find it intimidating to exercise in front of others since I'm out of shape. 
M: Exercising at home is also a great way to start and it helps build up your confidence. 
Q: What do we know from the conversation about the woman?

Script 15
M: How about going on a camping trip with us? We are planning on canoeing this weekend.
W: That sounds good. But I've never been in a canoe before and I am not much of a swimmer either. 
Q: What does the woman mean?

Script 16
M: Why do you declare the news that you're pregnant on your blog directly?
W: I'm so excited that I want to share this good news with the people who love me, but I also hope all my fans can respect my privacy at this special time.   
Q: How did the woman react to the fact that she got pregnant?

Script 17
W: Miley was voted the worst actress this year by the teenagers who used to admire her so much. 
M: Yeah, but no reasons were given. Maybe we can get some hints from what Miley did last year. Remember that time she slapped a 20-year-old female model?   
Q: What do we learn from the conversation about Miley?

Script 18
M: The Chinese couple won gold in pairs skating. It's the first Olympic gold in figure skating for China. 
W: I just can't imagine they've broken Russia's 46-year hold on pairs figure skating gold. One minute on the stage and 10 years of practice off the stage. They deserve it.   
Q: Why does the woman admire the couple?

Script 19
W: Some people are fascinated with the lives of public figures, so there are some media devoted exclusively to their privacy.
M: But what they do often makes these public figures embarrassed and annoyed. I believe that the privacy of every individual, including public figures should be respected.   
Q: What's the man's attitude toward these media?

Script 20
M: You know? This American swimmer has apologized for his actions after a picture was published in a newspaper showing him taking drugs. 
W: This is not the first time he has been compelled under public pressure to issue a public apology for his behavior.    
Q: What does the woman imply about the American swimmer?



∴ Long Conversations

Script 1
M: Miranda, let's speak about your performance in class. You're not participating; you're careless with your assignments and often hand them in late. You don't want to be here, do you?
W: I'm sorry Dr. Smith. It's just ... I've got lots of things to do. I'm studying Web design and I'm a first-class player on our golf team. It's hard to see why I need to take a Spanish language class!
M: Well, I'm sorry you feel that way, but learning another language can improve your performance in all of your efforts. And it can be very useful sometimes, for instance, when you visit your father in Mexico.
W: Gosh! What do you mean, professor? Just because my father does business in Mexico I'm supposed to learn Spanish 〞 on top of everything else I have to learn? It's just too much! And if I don't spend enough time on the golf course, I won't remain a first-class player on the golf team. I still don't see why I should learn a language that's so hard for me. There are no verb tenses on the golf course or in Web design!
M: Listen Miranda, I've known your father since we were students at university 20 years ago 〞 and have known you since you were a little girl. Of course, there are no verb tenses in golf or Web design. But I am giving you good advice. Please listen.
W: Yes, of course, you're like my favorite uncle.
M: Your brain isn't like a cup that has water flowing over its edge when it is full. Instead, it's like a muscle. Learning Spanish exercises your brain in new ways, making it stronger. It will strengthen your critical thinking skills and creativity.
W: Really?! Then I guess I can give it a try.

Q1: How is the woman doing in the man's class?
Q2: What does the woman think of learning Spanish?
Q3: What do we know from this conversation about the man?
Q4: What is the woman most likely to do after talking with the man?

Script 2
M: It's good to have you back at work Emily. How was your trip to the Amazon rainforest?
W: It was like a spectacular dream; I saw so many more things than I ever could have imagined. The plants are so thick that you couldn't even see the sun or the sky above, and there are more shades of green than I've seen before in my life!
M: Wow, with so many plants, how did you get around?
W: We rode a tour boat down the Amazon River 〞 it connects the whole jungle, and the local people use it to travel, too. It's amazing being somewhere so far away from technology, without any electricity for miles and miles. The local people don't even see the world outside of the jungle, never traveling more than 15 minutes up or down the river their whole lives!
M: What an entirely different lifestyle! It must be completely different there. Did you get to meet any of the villagers?
W: Oh yes! Here's the story: I finished a small blue bottle of wine and was about to throw it away. The tour guide told me to save it. Later, when we arrived at one of the villages, he introduced me to an old woman there who greeted our boat. I gave her the wine bottle as a gift. She looked at it like a great treasure, and she said that it would be an honored prize for her hut. I was shocked that something so small and common for me 〞 could mean so much!
M: Emily, I suppose we really take modern life for granted. 

Q1: What does the woman say about the plants in the Amazon rainforest?
Q2: What does the woman say about the local people?
Q3: Why was the old woman in the village so excited?
Q4: What has the woman learned from her traveling experience?

Script 3
W: Hello?
M: Hi Amy, it's Ryan. I'm calling because I want to invite you and your sister Ashley to a dinner party this Saturday. My roommate Erick and I are hosting a 1960s theme party with a few other friends.
W: A theme party? Is that like a dress-up party?
M: Sort of ... You're certainly encouraged to dress in 1960s fashions! Short skirts, bright colors, and bell-bottom jeans! Or go to the beginning of the 1960s and come as one of your favorite actresses ... But it's not just cool clothes; we'll have food, games, and entertainment inspired by the 1960s. In fact, we'll start our meal with alien noodles in honor of all those space and alien TV shows.
W: Wait! Wait! What are "alien noodles"? Why not have regular noodles in honor of the movie The Godfather?
M: No way! The Godfather is from the 1970s. Anyway, alien noodles are bright green noodles with purple sauce!
W: What?! That's crazy!
M: Yeah! Anyway, there'll be lots of other things. I don't want to spoil the surprises. But just for you, we'll end with light desserts and coffee from one of your favorite 1960s movies.
W: I can't wait! Ooooooh, I have an idea. We can have a special bar and make fancy mixed drinks. They're always drinking in old TV shows!
M: Perfect! And start reviewing 1960s music! We're having a dance contest and a singing contest.
W: This sounds like a lot of fun. Can I invite my roommate? She loves all of the classic movies from that time!
M: Of course 每 the more, the merrier! Anyway, it starts at 7:00 p.m 每 my apartment. 

Q1: What do we know about those people who are invited to the party?
Q2: What is particular about alien noodles?
Q3: Why won't they have regular noodles at the party?
Q4: What other arrangements do they have for the party?

Script 4
M: Michelle? Why are you dressed up like this? Are you studying acting or something? 
W: Yeah Josh, I'm looking forward to a future of fame and glory. 
M: Yuck! Why would you want fame? I thought you were better than all that fake nonsense! Do you want to be another dumb girl running around Hollywood, trying to look fashionable?
W: There's no fake nonsense in my plans! You're thinking of spoiled rich kids who are only famous for being rich. I'm going to earn my fame by being a great actress. Then, once I have my famous husband and a beautiful house, I'm going to use my fame to help others across the world. I'll do charity work with starving children in Africa!  
M: Oh please, if you really cared about helping people you'd sign up for charity organizations that help feed the hungry. You just want to be famous! You want to have your picture on the front cover of magazines every time you go out to get a coffee in your silk sleeping gowns! 
W: Not true! I don't care about those stuff 每 though I certainly wouldn't mind being famous for my excellent fashion sense. And don't make fun of me! As a volunteer right now, I could work for weeks and only help a few people at a time. But once I'm famous, I'll be able to make such a big difference! You'll see, one day I＊ll be famous AND doing good AND I'll send you a postcard saying: "I told you so!"  

Q1: What did the man think of those famous actresses in Hollywood?
Q2: Why did the woman want to be famous? 
Q3: How did the man react to the woman's reasons for wanting to be famous?
Q4: What can we infer about the woman?



∴ Short Passages

Script 1
I began learning Spanish when I was in high school, using a traditional academic method of studying verbs, sentence structures, and grammar by using textbooks and not much else. I found it very easy to learn, but was frustrated with the slow pace and repetitive nature of all my Spanish classes. So I worked extra hard in my spare time and asked my teacher if I could skip a level by the end of the semester. 
This was unsuccessful, however, because the school was not willing to test me or otherwise prove that I could be successful in the top level after skipping a level. This made things even more frustrating, as then I was stuck in a class where I already knew the material! 
Then I went on to college where I then used the language extensively both in and out of the classroom. I studied Spanish literature, culture, and linguistics and very much enjoyed the cultural and linguistic elements, but found the in-depth study of literature a very unbalanced way to study Spanish. 
I got a lot out of using my Spanish outside of the classroom, including a trip to Mexico with a church group, where I found myself acting as an interpreter. It was certainly challenging, but it was also a lot of fun. 
I then also volunteered to be an interpreter in the community schools and also used my Spanish to teach English to some Spanish speakers. This is probably where I learned the most!  

Q1: What do we know about the speaker's Spanish learning experience in high school?
Q2: What made the speaker feel frustrated while leaning Spanish in high school?
Q3: What did the speaker say about her study of Spanish literature in college? 
Q4: Which experience benefited the speaker most in terms of her use of Spanish?

Script 2
I believe watching nature programs on television is not going to give us and our children a real experience of nature. On the contrary, they may distance us from nature 每 actual nature 每 even further.
Because real nature experiences mean contact with nature. It means being with and within nature, to experience it with all five senses.
True, TV programs give us joy but they will never be able to help us form a relationship with nature. We watch our small screens come alive with the vivid colors and we all let out "aahhhh ..." and "wooooow". But, never once will we feel the pleasure of being close to nature.
Worse still 每 the programs such as those on the Discovery Channel make nature seem so strange, and so far away, in the forests of the Amazon or in the wilds of Africa. Children may grow up without even realizing that the flowers, plants or a couple of trees in their backyard are nature and they are equally precious. The truth is 每 nature is so close to us. We don't need to go anywhere far to enjoy such experiences. It is right there in our backyards. Or, in parks, gardens, forests, or national parks.
All we need to do is make an effort to get closer to nature 每 know it, appreciate it, and explore it. Feeling the soil under our feet and the wind in our hair; listening to the sound of the fallen leaves and taking in the smell of the wet soil 每 all these are pure joy to the senses that we must experience.

Q1: What may happen to children after watching nature programs on TV?
Q2: How should children get close to nature according to the speaker?
Q3: What impression might the Discovery Channel leave on children?
Q4: What is the main idea of this passage?

Script 3
Since I'm a student, I go to school on weekdays and so I don't have too much free time. I usually spend six or seven hours at school. After that I either go downtown for some shopping or go home and study. If I have some free time during the week I might read a book or watch TV. Lately my evenings have been spent preparing for my graduation examination, which takes up a lot of time.
Even though I have a lot to do, I still have some free time for leisure activities. On weekends I like to go with my family to our cottage. I like taking long walks around the countryside and I like watching the seasons change. I have the most free time during the summer months. One of my favorite activities is to go canoeing with my friends. We borrow a couple of canoes and choose a nice spot on the river to begin. We spend the day floating down the river. Sometimes if it gets hot we jump in the water and go swimming. Of course we take breaks during the day; we stop along the river to prepare some food or to visit a local pub. In the evening we set up our tents and make a campfire. We spend the evening talking, singing songs, and enjoying nature. We often cook some sausages over the campfire. And one of my favorite things to do is wrap potatoes in foil and then cook them in the hot ashes. These wonderful trips, just like summer, always end too soon.

Q1: What do we know from this passage about the speaker?
Q2: What does the speaker like doing on weekends?
Q3: How do the speaker and his friends spend the day when they go canoeing?
Q4: What does the speaker most like doing when camping in the evening?

Script 4
Bill Gates was born on October 28, 1955 in a family having a rich business, political and community service background. From childhood Bill was intelligent and competitive. In school, he had excellent records in mathematics and science. Still he was getting very bored in school and his parents knew it, so they always tried to feed him with more information to keep him busy. Bill's parents came to know about their son's intelligence and decided to send him to a private school, known for its serious academic environment. It was a very important decision in Bill's life, and it was there that he was introduced to a computer. Bill Gates and his friends were very much interested in the world of programming and formed the "Programmers Group" in late 1968. In the next year, they got their first opportunity in Information Sciences Inc. in which they were selected as programmers. Bill and his close friend Allen developed a small computer to measure traffic flow and they earned around $20,000 from this project. In 1973, he left home for Harvard University. He did well there, but he didn't find it interesting. He spent many long nights in front of the school's computer and the next day was asleep in class. Bill and his friend Allen remained in close contact even though Allen was away in Washington State University. They would often discuss new ideas for future projects and the possibility of starting a business one day. At the end of Bill's first year, Allen moved closer to him so that they could follow some of their ideas. Within a year, Bill Gates dropped out of Harvard, and then formed Microsoft with Allen. 

Q1: How did Bill Gates perform in school?
Q2: Why was studying in a private school a very important decision in Bill's life? 
Q3: How did Bill like Harvard University?
Q4: What did Bill Gates do at Harvard University? 
